FlowCron-Globus_Flow-side documentation (#2)
rosalindfranklininstitute/FlowCron-Globus_Flow-side: README.md

# FlowCron-Globus_Flow-side

## Before you start installing the Globus Flow side of FlowCron

To install FlowCron on an HPC, it is strongly advised that you are the PI or a manager of a 

> project on the HPC you want to install FlowCron

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please install FlowCron on a HPC first. To install FlowCron on an HPC, it is strongly advised that you are the PI or a manager of a project on the HPC you want to install FlowCron. If you need to remind yourself of the settings, see your ${HOME}/.config/flowcron directory.
```

There are 2 prerequisites for installing FlowCron:
1. The HPC allows the use of `cron` to the PIs and/or managers of projects on the HPC.
2. The HPC has a Globus collection allowing data to be transferred in and out to the project's designated directory location on the HPC.

The first step to install FlowCron is to install the cron service portion of FlowCron in the HPC (in the project's designated directory location on the HPC).

> The HPC side portion of FlowCron can be found here (https://github.com/baskerville-hpc/FlowCron-HPC-side)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the cron service portion of FlowCron in the HPC, clone this repository (https://github.com/baskerville-hpc/FlowCron-HPC-side) into a project directory.
```
